- Selling Service
In this the seller will click post ad button to upload there product for sale which will open a form to upload ad details
if they don't want to upload they can either cancel upload now or continue to upload pictures of the product then write 
title and description of product after the select products category and location and finally set its price and if the plan
to not post it they can cancel post which will dicard the post and redirect them to home or continue to upload which will 
upload their product.

- Auction
In the auction section, sellers click the "post product" button. If the user was not verified, the verification checking process began; if the user was verified,
open the post-auction page in their user interface, upload product images, title, and description, select the category of the product, and select the location where the product currently is. 
Following that, the user placed a starting bid amount greater than PKR 5000, the minimum required to post an auction.
If the seller does not want to post an ad, the post will be cancelled, deleted, and redirected to the homepage; however, if the seller requests an upload, the seller's product will be checked for authenticity. 
If the product is not authentic, notify the seller and cancel the post. If the product is authentic, 
upload it and notify the seller, and the auction timer begins.

- Buying Service
First user will search for a product to buy which will show them a list of products to select they can select the product
to view further details and depending on if they like it or not they can either return back to the searched product list or 
continue to contact the Seller of that product they can choose between two mediums which they can contact them throught
Message or Call Seller and upon contact they negotiate pricing with the seller and finally make the deal with seller.

- Bidding
In this user's search for a product, the seller listed it as "auctioned" and then viewed the product, and 
if the user does not want to continue with product, the user searches for product, and after viewing the product, the user placed a bid, 
either as a starting bid or over some other user's bid after bid.
If the user was not verified, the verification checking process began; if the user is verified, check the bid timer.
If the bidding time stops, the auction will end as well. If the bid timer has not expired, bidders' account check amount
If there is no or little money in the account, a pop-up appears requesting that money be added to the account in order to place a bid on the product.
However, if there is enough money in the user's account, ask for the bid amount and the last confirmation message to confirm the bid, and the bid is completed. 

